# algorithm

Here the programs starting with *problem.go are based on the coding practise problems generated by https://www.dailycodingproblem.com/

Others such as palindrome.go are programs tried to practise/excel coding

1problem 
//Given a list of numbers and a number k, return whether any two numbers from the list add up to k.
//For example, given [10, 15, 3, 7] and k of 17, return true since 10 + 7 is 17.

2problem
//need to take a slice and return with product of other indexes
//example if our input was [1, 2, 3, 4, 5], the expected output would be [120, 60, 40, 30, 24]. If our input was [3, 2, 1], the expected output would be [2, 3, 6]

4problem 
//find the first missing positive integer in linear time and constant space
//example, the input [3, 4, -1, 1] should give 2. The input [1, 2, 0] should give 3
//check what is first number and then next number isn't increment it should return increment

60problem
//Given a multiset of integers, return whether it can be partitioned into two subsets whose sums are the same.
//For example, given the multiset {15, 5, 20, 10, 35, 15, 10}, it would return true, since we can split it up into {15, 5, 10, 15, 10} and {20, 35}, which both add up to 55.
//Given the multiset {15, 5, 20, 10, 35}, it would return false, since we can't split it up into two subsets that add up to the same sum.

61problem
//Implement integer exponentiation. That is, implement the pow(x, y) function, where x and y are integers and returns x^y.
//Do this faster than the naive method of repeated multiplication.
//For example, pow(2, 10) should return 1024.

69problem
//Given a list of integers, return the largest product that can be made by multiplying any three integers.
//For example, if the list is [-10, -10, 5, 2], we should return 500, since that's -10 * -10 * 5.

70problem
//A number is considered perfect if its digits sum up to exactly 10.
//Given a positive integer n, return the n-th perfect number.
//For example, given 1, you should return 19. Given 2, you should return 28.

101problem
//Given an even number (greater than 2), return two prime numbers whose sum will be equal to the given number.

113problem
/Given a string of words delimited by spaces, reverse the words in string. For example, given "hello world here", return "here world hello"
//Follow-up: given a mutable string representation, can you perform this operation in-place?

138problem
//Need to check if arg is greater than 25 divide by 25, less than 25 or >= 10, less than 10 or >= 5

153problem
//Find an efficient algorithm to find the smallest distance (measured in number of words) between any two given words in a string.
//For example, given words "hello", and "world" and a text content of "dog cat hello cat dog dog hello cat world",
//return 1 because there's only one word "cat" in between the two words.

99problem
//Given an unsorted array of integers, find the length of the longest consecutive elements sequence.
//For example, given [100, 4, 200, 1, 3, 2], the longest consecutive element sequence is [1, 2, 3, 4]. Return its length: 4.


